Remove the setting: 'java.completion.overwrite' (#2427)
redhat-developer/vscode-java: README.md

  - `warning`: Show warning if a project has no explicit encoding set.
  - `setDefault`: Set the default workspace encoding settings.

Removed in 1.6.0

> * `java.completion.overwrite`: Please use `editor.suggest.insertMode` instead. Meanwhile, you can quickly switch to another mode by pressing `Shift` + `Tab` or `Shift` + `Enter` (the shortcut may be different depending on the local keymap settings).

Reviewer: I would mention the keybinding ID that manages this behaviour. It's `insertPrevSuggestion` right ?

```suggestion
* `java.completion.overwrite`: Please use `editor.suggest.insertMode` instead. You can quickly toggle between `insert` & `replace` modes with `Shift` + `Tab` or `Shift` + `Enter` (default keyboard shortcuts). See `insertPrevSuggestion` from the keyboard shortcuts menu for further details.
```

Author: Did some tests, I think the command ID is: `acceptAlternativeSelectedSuggestion`
